hi today I'm going to show you how to do
some maintenance on your chain first we
need to check if the chain needs to be
replaced or not so I'm going to use a
quick check for that just this is just a
simple check put it into one of the
rollers and if it sits on a roller like
this it means our chains okay so I can
do maintenance on it now the first thing
I need to do is clean the chain take a
chain brush or any kind of hard brush
use the hard side because we really want
to get the grayed out of there so give
it a good scrub
now it's also a good opportunity to
clean your gears so give your rear gears
a good scrub just get the dirt out of
there and also clean your front gears
while you're at it it'll loosen the dirt
out of the chain next I want to take a
rag and the four sides of the chain
first I just want to clean the side so
just apply pressure to the sides and run
your chain through it a couple of times
now next I want to clean the top and
bottom so just apply a little bit of
pressure and run it through
okay now we're chain is clean but we
still need to add oil I'm gonna use some
oil here what we want to do is find your
missing link here it is if I start here
and add oil and I go around I know that
all have done a full circle of oil so
what you want to do is put a little drop
on each roller now I want to make sure
that this oil also gets into the into
the rollers so I'll take your chain
brush again and use the other side the
soft side and just make sure that you
get it on the inside of the links and on
your rollers just spread it around a bit
so now it's all spread through the chain
what I want to do is get rid of the
excess oil that's on the outside because
you don't need the oil there so just
take your rag again and do a couple
cycles and your chain is now clean and
oiled I hope you enjoyed that and I do
hope you try this at home thank you